[CTOR-1361]-Refresh cloud-azure-management-resource doc page (#4202)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/cloud-azure-management-resource.md

id: cloud-azure-management-resource
title: Azure Resource
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Connector dependencies

The following monitoring connectors will be installed when you install the **Azure Resource** connector through the
**Configuration > Connecteurs > Connecteurs de supervision** menu:
* [Base Pack](./base-generic.md)

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Azure Resource** brings a host template:

* **Cloud-Azure-Management-Resource-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Cloud-Azure-Management-Resource-custom" label="Cloud-Azure-Management-Resource-custom">

> > There is no service model linked to this host model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> No service template is linked to this host template.
```
